# Jack Burkman

### 来源信息
- **URL**: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jack_Burkman
- **来源站点**: Krebs on Security
- **页面抓取**: 成功

### 页面正文
| Jack Burkman | |
|---|---|
| Born | John Macauley Burkman Jr. 1965 or 1966 (age 59–60) | 
| Education | University of Pittsburgh (BA) Georgetown University (MS, JD) | 
| Occupation | Lobbyist | 
| Known for | False claims against political figures | 
| Political party | Republican | 
| Criminal information | |
| Criminal charge | Telecommunications fraud | 
| Penalty | Fine, probation, and community service | 
John Macauley Burkman Jr. (born 1965 or 1966) is an American conspiracy theorist, fraudster, convicted felon and conservative lobbyist. Burkman and far-right conspiracy theorist Jacob Wohl have allegedly been responsible for multiple unsuccessful plots to frame public figures for fictitious sexual assaults, including in October 2018 against US Special Counsel Robert Mueller, in April 2019 against 2020 Democratic presidential candidate Pete Buttigieg, and in April 2020 against White House Coronavirus Task Force member Anthony Fauci.
In August 2020, Burkman and Wohl made tens of thousands of robocalls to residents of battleground states, in a campaign that prosecutors have alleged intentionally targeted communities of color to spread disinformation in an attempt to suppress voting in the 2020 presidential election. As a result of the campaign, Burkman and Wohl each pleaded guilty to one felony charge of telecommunications fraud in Ohio, were found to have violated federal and state civil rights laws in a civil case in New York, and are facing criminal charges in Michigan. In June 2023, the Federal Communications Commission imposed a fine of more than $5 million against both Burkman and Wohl over the robocall scheme.
Burkman was also involved in spreading conspiracy theories about the 2016 murder of Seth Rich, and in 2017 Burkman was shot in the buttocks and thigh and hit with a car by a man he had hired to assist him in an independent attempt to solve Rich's murder. Burkman drew significant media attention in 2014 for organizing a protest against the Dallas Cowboys of the NFL after the team signed Michael Sam, an openly gay football player, to its practice squad.
Burkman is the president of the lobbying firm J.M. Burkman & Associates and the head of the conservative organization American Decency. He was the host of the Behind the Curtain podcast and radio talk show.
Burkman was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He earned a bachelor's degree from the University of Pittsburgh in 1988, and in 1992 graduated with a MS from the Georgetown University School of Foreign Service and a JD from Georgetown University Law Center. Burkman lives in Arlington, Virginia, in a home that doubles as the headquarters of his and Wohl's organization, Project 1599.
On October 22, 2018, Vermont Law School professor Jennifer Taub received an email from Surefire Intelligence, a company created by Jacob Wohl, asking her to tell them about her "past encounters" with US Special Counsel Robert Mueller and offering her money to discuss Mueller by phone. Taub stated she had never met Mueller and referred the matter to Mueller's office, which then referred the matter to the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI).
On October 30, NBC News and The Atlantic published articles detailing a scheme to falsely accuse Mueller of sexual misconduct in 1974. The articles reported that on October 17, 2018, several journalists received emails from a person claiming to be named "Lorraine Parsons" that asserted Burkman had hired a man with Wohl's Surefire Intelligence firm to offer her more than $20,000 to sign an affidavit falsely accusing Mueller of sexual misconduct and workplace harassment. Parsons told the reporters she had worked with Mueller at the law firm Pillsbury, Madison & Sutro in 1974, and that the man from Surefire had asked her to falsely accuse Mueller of engaging in misconduct during that time. Mueller worked at Pillsbury in 1974, but the firm told reporters they had no record of any Lorraine Parsons ever working there. Parsons declined reporters' requests to speak on the phone, and none of the reporters published the story until the scheme became evident.
Also on October 30, Burkman tweeted that he and Wohl would hold a press conference two days later to "reveal the first of Special Counsel Robert Mueller's sex assault victims". He told The Daily Beast they were going to "prove that [Mueller] is a drunk and a sexual abuser". The Gateway Pundit, which employed Wohl, published the "Lorraine Parsons" allegations that same day, including claims that there were "exclusive documents" about a "very credible witness" to support the accusations against Mueller. Each document had in its header the phrase "International Private Intelligence," the business slogan of Wohl's Surefire Intelligence firm. The article was removed later that day, with owner Jim Hoft stating that the matter and "serious allegations against Jacob Wohl" would be investigated.
The following day, Hoft retweeted a tweet by Wohl that suggested Mueller's office was actually behind the scheme. Also that day, Burkman tweeted and Wohl retweeted that Parsons did not exist, denying involvement in the matter, and calling it "a hoax designed to distract the nation from [Burkman's] press conference" to be held the next day.
Burkman and Wohl convened a press conference outside Washington, D.C., on November 1, ostensibly to present a woman who they said signed the affidavit previously published by The Gateway Pundit, accusing Mueller of raping her in a New York hotel room in 2010 – on a date he was contemporaneously reported by The Washington Post to be serving jury duty in Washington. The men accused Mueller's office of "leaking" the eight-year-old Post story to discredit their allegations. The purported accuser, Carolyne Cass, did not appear at the press conference as they had initially stated she would, and the men asserted she had panicked in fear of her life and taken a flight to another location. Towards the end of the press conference, one reporter heckled, "Are you both prepared for federal prison?", to which Burkman replied "No we are not". Soon after the press conference, Hoft announced that The Gateway Pundit had "suspended [their] relationship" with Wohl.
On February 26, 2019, USA Today published an article about Wohl in which they interviewed Cass. She had initially contacted Wohl, who was then posing as an investigator named Matthew Cohen on Craiglist, in hopes that he would help her recover some stolen money. Wohl did no work to recover the money, and instead offered Cass a position at his "intelligence" firm. Speaking of the document accusing Mueller produced by Wohl and his associates, she said that "they had made it up" with a fabricated signature of hers and that they "needed a credible female to put on the line".
The attempt to frame Mueller was included as a case study in After Truth: Disinformation and the Cost of Fake News, a television documentary directed by Andrew Rossi that aired on HBO on March 19, 2020. In an interview for the documentary, Burkman said, "I would use Fake News as a weapon, because it's out there. The Germans used chemical weapons, the British used chemical weapons. What are you going to do? It doesn't mean you like chemical weapons, it means you do what you have to do... Yeah, there are terrible negative potential consequences, but so what? That's what I say. So what?"
On April 22, 2019, Jack Burkman tweeted "2020 is shaping up to be more exciting than 2016. Looking like it will be Trump vs. Mayor Pete! Get the popcorn ready!"
On April 28, a Medium post emerged under the name of a gay Republican college student, alleging that Pete Buttigieg, mayor of South Bend, Indiana and a 2020 Democratic presidential candidate, had sexually assaulted him in February. A Twitter account created just a month prior under the student's name also emerged. The next day, The Daily Beast reported that Burkman and Jacob Wohl had tried to convince young Republican men to make false accusations of sexual assault against Buttigieg. One man attested that Burkman and Wohl had tried to convince him to falsely accuse Buttigieg of assaulting him when he was too drunk to consent. According to the source, Burkman and Wohl contacted him under the false identities "Matt Teller" and "Bill", but he recognized Wohl due to Wohl's internet notoriety and decided to record their conversation. He then provided the recording to The Daily Beast, which wrote that it corroborated the man's claims with the aid of an audio forensics analyst who determined that one man in the recording was "highly likely" to be Wohl.
The student who was being impersonated on Medium and Twitter told The Daily Beast that Burkman and Wohl flew him to Washington, D.C., under the guise of speaking about politics from the perspective of a gay Republican, and that he was unaware they were trying to involve him in their scheme. He said that he had to pretend that he was taking a nap in order to escape Burkman's residence, and that they had created the Medium profile and a Twitter profile claiming to be him without his permission.
Burkman and Wohl announced that they would be holding a press conference at Burkman's house on May 8 to continue their accusations against Buttigieg. On May 7, Burkman tweeted a link to an event called "Protest Against Homophobic Bigots" and wrote, "Hundreds of leftist protestors are set to descend on our Wednesday Press conference. We WILL NOT surrender to the mob. We've called in extra security to guard our safety and that of our partners in the media". The protest was discovered to be fake, organized by Wohl himself, when attendees received confirmation emails containing the email address Wohl had used in the past. Mediaite noted that events may be registered with false contact information, but that Eventbrite would have emailed the address used by the organizer allowing them to delete or edit the event. However, Wohl denied involvement in creating the event page. Eventbrite later took down the event page citing their rules against "inauthentic content".
At the May 8 press conference, Burkman and Wohl displayed footage of the student they had flown to Washington, D.C., drinking a coffee as proof that the student was not being coerced, with Wohl explaining that "Most forced coercion events… do not involve caramel frappuccino". During the press conference, the student released a statement describing Burkman and Wohl as "chronic liars" and stating that he would not be at the press conference as they had claimed. No protesters appeared at the fake protest of the press conference that Wohl himself had attempted to organize.
In a late April 2020 press release, a woman claimed to have been sexually assaulted in 2014 by Dr. Anthony Fauci, a prominent member of the White House Coronavirus Task Force. Only The Daily Dot reported on the allegation, debunking it as a likely smear attempt. On May 2, 2020, the woman contacted Reason Magazine to confess that she and another woman had been paid by Burkman and Wohl to fabricate the allegations against Fauci. According to Reason, the woman contacted Burkman and Wohl and recorded their phone conversation. In that call, Wohl told her, "You did a good job, you got paid. What's the problem?" Burkman suggested that Fauci deserved the smear: "This guy shut the country down. He put 40 million people out of work. In a situation like that, you have to make up whatever you have to make up to stop that train and that's the way life works, OK? That's the way it goes... Mother Nature has to clean the barn every so often. How real is it? Who knows? So what if 1 percent of the population goes? So what if you lose 400,000 people? Two hundred thousand were elderly, the other 200,000 are the bottom of society. You got to clean out the barn. If it's real, it's a positive thing, for God's sake".
On October 1, 2019, Burkman and Jacob Wohl held a press conference on the front steps of Burkman's home in which they claimed to know the identity of the whistleblower who revealed possible impropriety by then-President Trump involving Ukraine, though they said they could not release it. The press conference was sparsely attended and described by The Washington Post as another in a series of events in which Burkman and Wohl "routinely announce they have discovered smoking-gun revelations against Trump's rivals, then humiliate themselves when they fail to produce any evidence".
On October 3, 2019, Burkman and Wohl announced a press conference in which they said a 24-year-old former United States Marine would claim he had an affair with Senator and 2020 presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren; the announcement was met with mockery and disbelief, and generally viewed as another of Burkman and Wohl's false allegations.
On Friday, October 11, 2019, Burkman announced via Twitter that he and Wohl had scheduled a news conference for Monday, October 14. The press release stated that a purported illegal drug dealer would be presented, who would provide evidence that he sold illicit drugs to Speaker of the US House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi, House Intelligence Committee Chairman Adam Schiff, and other unnamed members of Congress. At the press conference, which was postponed until October 21, Burkman and Wohl unexpectedly focused on claims that Senator Ted Cruz was cheating on his wife Heidi, only briefly mentioning their previous claims about Pelosi, and not producing any alleged drug dealer as they had announced they would.
Burkman claimed in January 2020 to have incriminating photographs of Adam Schiff engaged in sexual activity, a statement that earned Burkman attention among adherents to the far-right QAnon conspiracy theory who already believed that Schiff had been engaged in nefarious activity at the Standard Hotel in Los Angeles. The Daily Beast wrote that Burkman unsuccessfully attempted to launder the photographs through several publications before releasing them himself. However, the three photographs eventually published by Burkman were blurry pornographic images "featuring a completely unrecognizable middle-age white man engaged in various gay sex acts". A reverse image search revealed the photographs were generic pornography found via internet search. This angered Burkman's newfound fanbase among QAnon conspiracy theorists, some of whom alleged that Burkman himself was a "deep state" actor working on Schiff's behalf to obfuscate the truth.
In June 2016, Burkman held an event called Lobbyists for Trump and invited all major lobbyists of Washington, D.C., to help raise money for Donald Trump's presidential campaign. In July 2016, he helped fundraise for Free the Delegates, an anti-Trump effort to change the delegate rules for the 2016 Republican National Convention.
In October 2019, Burkman and Wohl announced they would investigate any rumors about candidates in the 2020 presidential election as a part of an effort they called "Project 1599". Any candidates they fully vetted, they said, would receive the "Burkman-Wohl Seal of Approval".
On March 19, 2020, Twitter permanently suspended Burkman's account after he tweeted unevidenced claims about impending nationwide food shortages due to the COVID-19 pandemic. A Twitter spokesperson said the account had been suspended for repeated infractions of Twitter rules, including making false statements about COVID-19.
In September 2024, Politico reported that Burkman and Wohl had been running a firm called LobbyMatic, which promised to apply artificial intelligence to lobbying. According to the report, the duo hid their true identities, using false names and other fabricated personas to run the company. Wohl went by the pseudonym "Jay Klein" while Burkman was known as "Bill Sanders".
In September 2024, Burkman claimed on Twitter that he had taken on the role of acting campaign manager for Mark Robinson's gubernatorial campaign. However, Robinson quickly denied this in his own tweet, stating that "Online rumors of new hires to our campaign are just that—rumors."
During the second presidency of Donald Trump, via J.M. Burkman & Associates, Burkman and Wohl took on clients pursuing presidential pardons. Among their clients was Joseph Schwartz, a nursing home operator convicted of tax evasion in April 2025. Schwartz paid Burkman's firm $960,000, although a White House official said that no one at the White House had spoken with either Burkman or Wohl about Schwartz's case, and Schwartz terminated their services. Schwartz later secured a pardon after enlisting another lobbying firm. Burkman and Wohl also lobbied for a pardon on behalf of rapper Torrence Ivy Hatch Jr., who performs as Boosie Badazz, who pleaded guilty to firearms possession. As of July 2026[update] In February 2026, Burkman and Wohl disclosed they were lobbying for the Department of Justice to drop charges against Andean Medjedovic or, alternatively, for the President to pardon him. Medjedovic is a Canadian fugitive wanted in both the United States and Canada for allegedly stealing money from two cryptocurrency platforms.
Burkman heads the organization American Decency, a conservative organization that claims to have 3.62 million members, though this claim is unverified. The organization drew media attention in 2014 when Burkman announced plans to protest the Dallas Cowboys' signing of Michael Sam, the first publicly gay player to be drafted in the NFL. Burkman called for legislation that would prohibit homosexuals from playing in the NFL, though this proposed legislation was never formally introduced in the House of Representatives and never received a vote.
Burkman started investigating the murder of Seth Rich in September 2016 after the Rich family accepted his pro bono public relations services. The Rich family and Burkman held a joint press conference about the murder in November 2016.
In January 2017, Burkman launched an advertising campaign in Northwest D.C. searching for information regarding Rich's death. This included billboard advertisements and canvassing with flyers. In late February, Burkman started spreading conspiracy theories by telling media outlets that he had a lead that the Russian government was involved in Rich's death, and the Rich family distanced itself from Burkman. In March 2017, Burkman started "The Profiling Project", an independent investigative attempt to solve the murder of Seth Rich with help from forensics students at George Washington University. He hired Kevin Doherty, a former US Marine and special agent, to help with the project, although tensions developed when Burkman felt Doherty was speaking to reporters when he shouldn't have been and trying to take control of the project. In July 2017, Burkman fired Doherty and sent him a cease and desist letter. In March 2018, Doherty lured Burkman to a parking garage by claiming to have evidence of FBI misconduct.
When Burkman arrived, Doherty shot him in the buttocks and thigh and hit him with an SUV, breaking Burkman's arm. Doherty was sentenced to nine years in prison.
In late February 2020, Burkman and Wohl alleged that the jury that convicted Roger Stone, on seven felonies related to the Robert Mueller's Special Counsel investigation, was biased against him. In a press conference held on February 27, 2020, Burkman and Wohl distributed copies of confidential juror questionnaires, and they later published some of the questionnaires on Twitter. In September 2020, The Daily Beast reported that the FBI was investigating Burkman and Wohl for potentially attempting to influence the jurors or tamper with witnesses. The FBI is also investigating how the two obtained the questionnaires.
In August 2020, Burkman and Wohl made tens of thousands of robocalls to residents of battleground states, including Michigan, Ohio, and Pennsylvania, and others, including New York and Illinois. The robocall campaign appeared to originate from Burkman's personal cell phone number, and the caller identified themself as part of Burkman and Wohl's organization, Project 1599. The messages disseminated the false claims that information provided by those who use mail-in ballots will be used by police to find criminals, by credit card companies for debt collection purposes, and by the CDC to "track people for mandatory vaccines". Several lawsuits against Burkman and Wohl have alleged that the robocalls were an attempt to suppress votes in the 2020 presidential election, and the Attorneys General of Michigan and New York have alleged that the two men intentionally targeted Black communities with the calls.
On October 24, 2022, Wohl pleaded guilty to a single felony count of telecommunications fraud for having placed thousands of false robocalls in the state of Ohio. On November 29, both Wohl and Burkman were each fined $2,500, sentenced to two years of probation, and ordered to perform 500 hours of community service registering voters in Washington, D.C.
On June 6, 2023, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) imposed a $5,134,500 fine against Burkman and Wohl for the robocalls. At the time it was proposed in August 2021, this was the largest fine ever sought by the commission under the Telephone Consumer Protection Act.
Michigan 
On October 1, 2020, Michigan Attorney General Dana Nessel filed four felony charges each against Burkman and Wohl, including conspiring to intimidate voters in violation of election law. Nessel's investigation into the robocalls found that Burkman and Wohl had attempted to suppress people of color from voting in the 2020 presidential election via a robocall campaign that made 85,000 calls across the country, including 12,000 in Detroit. In a press release, Michigan Secretary of State Jocelyn Benson and Attorney General Nessel condemned the robocall campaign as "racist" and as "an unconscionable, indefensible, blatant attempt to lie to citizens about their right to vote".
Wohl told the Associated Press that same month that he and Burkman believed "leftist pranksters" had spoofed Burkman's phone number to make the phone calls, and Wohl threatened to sue Benson for defamation; Burkman and Wohl later admitted in court that they were responsible for the calls, but argued that the call was not intended to suppress voting and was rather an exercise of their rights to free speech.
Burkman and Wohl turned themselves in to Detroit police on October 8, 2020, and both pleaded not guilty at a later court appearance. On February 23, 2021, a Michigan circuit court judge denied Burkman and Wohl's motion to dismiss the charges. Burkman and Wohl appealed the decision to the Michigan Court of Appeals, which denied the appeal. After an appeal to the Michigan Supreme Court, the Supreme Court sent the case back to the Court of Appeals to determine whether the state law under which the two were charged violated the First Amendment. The Court of Appeals determined the case could proceed, and the Supreme Court declined to hear a subsequent appeal by Burkman and Wohl to dismiss the charges. On August 1, 2025, the Michigan Attorney General's Office announced that Burkman and Wohl both pleaded no contest to the charges.
New York 
The National Coalition on Black Civic Participation filed a federal civil suit against Burkman and Wohl in New York on October 16, 2020, alleging that the two men violated the Voting Rights Act and the Ku Klux Klan Act of 1871 by making the robocalls. On October 28, New York District Court Judge Victor Marrero ordered the men call back the targets of the robocall to tell them the information in their message was false and that the campaign was illegal. The judge also prohibited them from engaging in more robocalls or text message campaigns to attempt to disenfranchise voters. Burkman and Wohl tried multiple times to pause the civil suit while there were active criminal proceedings against them, but Judge Marrero denied the request on February 22, 2021. On May 19, 2021, the judge granted New York Attorney General Letitia James's motion to intervene in the lawsuit. On March 8, 2023, Judge Marrero found that Burkman and Wohl had violated several federal and state civil rights laws, including the Voting Rights Act, the Civil Rights Act of 1957, and the Ku Klux Klan Act. In his opinion, he wrote that "the neighborhoods that Defendants targeted were not accidental or random," and that a reasonable jury would determine they had intended to "deny the right to vote specifically to Black voters." On April 9, 2024, Letitia James announced that Wohl and Burkman agreed to pay $1,000,000 to settle the case.
As a part of the litigation against Burkman and Wohl, in August 2022, the New York Attorney General announced a settlement with Message Communications, Inc., the robocall company that the pair had used, in which the company will pay $50,000 restitution.
Ohio 
In October 2020, prosecutors in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, indicted Burkman and Wohl on eight counts of telecommunications fraud and seven counts of bribery. On October 24, 2022, Burkman and Wohl each pleaded guilty to one felony charge of telecommunications fraud. As a part of the plea deal, the 14 other counts of telecommunications fraud and bribery were dropped. On November 29, both Wohl and Burkman were each fined $2,500, sentenced to two years of probation, and ordered to perform 500 hours of community service registering voters in Washington, D.C. After the guilty plea, the District of Columbia Bar submitted a recommendation to the D.C. Court of Appeals that Burkman be disbarred. Burkman consented to the disbarment.
The Washington Post reported that agents from the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) had executed a raid on Burkman's home on the morning of September 14, 2020. Wohl claimed that the agents had taken "all of Jack's files, computers and phones" from the home, which is also the headquarters of Burkman and Wohl's organization, Project 1599. By the afternoon of the same day, The Washington Post had updated their story to reflect that the raid had been staged. The Daily Beast discovered that Burkman and Wohl had again recruited actors on Craigslist to stage the raid, under the guise of filming a television show. The Daily Beast also reported that the Twitter account which published the photos of the raid was likely operated by Wohl.
- Burkman's American Decency group is a separate entity from the American Decency Association.
- Bribery in this case is, as according to the Ohio Revised Code, "Attempt by intimidation, coercion, or other unlawful means to induce such delegate or elector to register or refrain from registering or to vote or refrain from voting at a primary, convention, or election for a particular person, question, or issue."
- "Jack Burkman". LegiStorm. Retrieved February 2, 2026.
- "People v. Burkman (Opinion - Leave Granted)". Justia. June 13, 2024. Retrieved February 2, 2026.
- Foley, Ryan J. (October 1, 2020). "Conservative hoaxers face charges over false voter robocalls". Associated Press. Archived from the original on October 1, 2020. Retrieved October 1, 2020.
- Prokop, Andrew (October 30, 2018). "The incredibly shoddy plot to smear Robert Mueller, explained". Vox. Archived from the original on October 31, 2018. Retrieved November 1, 2018.
- Cummings, William (October 31, 2018). "Jack Burkman: The conspiracy theorist accused of offering money for Mueller allegations". USA Today. Archived from the original on November 1, 2018. Retrieved November 1, 2018.
- Weiner, Rachel (September 14, 2020). "FBI says no raid was conducted at home of conservative conspiracy theorist Jack Burkman". The Washington Post. Archived from the original on September 14, 2020. Retrieved September 14, 2020.
- Zadrozny, Brandy; Collins, Ben; Winter, Tom (October 30, 2018). "Mueller refers sex misconduct scheme targeting him to FBI for investigation". NBC News. Archived from the original on November 2, 2018. Retrieved February 12, 2019.
- Bertrand, Natasha (October 30, 2018). "Mueller Wants the FBI to Look at a Scheme to Discredit Him". The Atlantic. Archived from the original on November 2, 2018. Retrieved November 3, 2018.
- Markay, Lachlan; Poulsen, Kevin; Schachtman, Noah (April 29, 2019). "Far-Right Smear Merchants Gin Up Bogus Sex Assault Claims Against Buttigieg". The Daily Beast. Archived from the original on April 30, 2019. Retrieved April 29, 2019.
- Rommelmann, Nancy (May 7, 2020). "She Said Anthony Fauci Sexually Assaulted Her. Now She Says Jacob Wohl and Jack Burkman Paid Her to Lie". Reason. Archived from the original on May 7, 2020. Retrieved May 7, 2020.
- Schaffer, Cory (November 29, 2022). "Jacob Wohl, Jack Burkman must spend 500 hours registering voters as penance for phony robocalls targeting Black voters in Cleveland". Archived from the original on November 29, 2022. Retrieved December 2, 2022.
- Daniels, Cheyanne M. (March 9, 2023). "Judge says Jacob Wohl, Jack Burkman violated Voting Rights Act, KKK Act with 2020 voter suppression". The Hill. Retrieved August 27, 2023.
- "Michigan's top court to look at 2020 election robocall case". Associated Press. November 3, 2022. Retrieved August 27, 2023.
- Richards, Charlene (June 8, 2023). "Robocalls to voters before 2020 election result in $5 million fine". NBC News. Retrieved August 27, 2023.
- Weiner, Rachel (December 3, 2018). "Ex-Marine admits he lured Seth Rich conspiracy theorist Jack Burkman to a hotel parking garage, then shot him". The Washington Post. Archived from the original on April 30, 2019. Retrieved April 30, 2019.
- Guttman, Nathan (March 1, 2017). "Was Russia Behind Mystery Murder Of DNC Worker Seth Rich?". The Forward. Archived from the original on June 1, 2017. Retrieved May 27, 2017.
- Sieczkowski, Caven (September 4, 2014). "Anti-Gay Group To Protest Michael Sam, Cowboys In The Name Of 'Family Values'. Huffington Post. Archived from the original on September 5, 2014. Retrieved September 5, 2014.
- Voorhees, Josh (February 24, 2014). "Even the Conservative Lobbyist Hyping a Ban on Gay NFL Players Admits It's a PR Stunt". Slate. Archived from the original on September 5, 2014. Retrieved September 5, 2014.
- Prince, Jeff (September 4, 2014). "Thousands to Protest Cowboys, Michael Sam". Fort Worth Weekly. Archived from the original on September 6, 2014. Retrieved September 5, 2014.
- Markay, Lachlan (May 16, 2019). "Buttigieg and Mueller Hoaxer Jack Burkman's Partner Got Pentagon Contracts". The Daily Beast. Retrieved September 14, 2020.
- "GOP lobbyist who wants to ban gays from NFL plans Dallas Cowboys protest". LGBTQ Nation. September 4, 2014. Archived from the original on April 30, 2019. Retrieved April 30, 2019.
- Roig-Franzia, Manuel; Reinhard, Beth (June 4, 2019). "Meet the GOP operatives who aim to smear the 2020 Democrats — but keep bungling it". The Washington Post. ISSN 0190-8286. Archived from the original on September 16, 2020. Retrieved September 14, 2020.
- Burkman, Jack. "About". Jack Burkman. Archived from the original on October 9, 2013. Retrieved September 5, 2014.
- "Burkman, Jack". OpenSecrets. Archived from the original on January 27, 2019. Retrieved September 14, 2020.
- Cockburn (May 9, 2019). "Burkman & Wohl, private investigators". Spectator USA. Archived from the original on August 27, 2020. Retrieved September 14, 2020.
- Charter, David (October 31, 2018). "FBI investigates 'false sex allegations' against Robert Mueller". The Times. ISSN 0140-0460. Archived from the original on October 31, 2018. Retrieved February 3, 2022.
- Bertrand, Natasha (October 30, 2018). "Mueller Wants the FBI to Look at a Scheme to Discredit Him". The Atlantic. Archived from the original on November 2, 2018. Retrieved November 3, 2018.
- Willis, Jay (October 30, 2018). "MAGA Trolls' Efforts to Take Down Robert Mueller Flame Out in Hilarious and Spectacular Fashion". GQ. Archived from the original on October 30, 2018. Retrieved October 31, 2018.
- Bertrand, Natasha (October 30, 2018). "Special Counsel Refers Scheme Targeting Mueller to FBI". The Atlantic. Archived from the original on November 2, 2018. Retrieved October 30, 2018.
- Naham, Matt (October 30, 2018). "Man Behind Alleged Robert Mueller Sex Assault Hoax: But What About Michael Avenatti?". Law & Crime. Archived from the original on October 30, 2018. Retrieved October 30, 2018.
- Sommer, Lachlan Markay (October 30, 2018). "Inside the Crazy Cabal Trying to Smear Robert Mueller". The Daily Beast. Archived from the original on October 30, 2018. Retrieved October 30, 2018 – via www.thedailybeast.com.
-  Wohl, Jacob [@JacobAWohl] (October 31, 2018). "Someone inside Mueller's office likely sent out the hoax email claiming to be a woman offered payment to make an accusation against Mueller! They know that Mueller's real victims are coming forward! Tick tock..." (Tweet). Retrieved February 12, 2019 – via Twitter.{{cite web}}: CS1 maint: deprecated archival service (link)
- Nguyen, Tina (October 31, 2018). "How the Jacob Wohl Saga Explains What's Deranged About MAGA". Vanity Fair. Archived from the original on January 17, 2019. Retrieved February 11, 2019.
- Roberts, Roxanne; Argetsinger, Amy (April 13, 2010). "Reliable Source – Hey, isn't that...?: Robert Mueller summoned to jury duty; Rose McGowan visits the W". The Washington Post. Archived from the original on December 7, 2018. Retrieved November 8, 2018.
- Zadrozny, Brandy (November 1, 2018). "No proof, no victim at news conference alleging Mueller sex assaults". NBC News. Archived from the original on November 1, 2018. Retrieved November 2, 2018.
- Sommer, Will (November 1, 2018). "Mueller Smear Pushed by Pro-Trump Activists Falls Apart at Press Conference". The Daily Beast. Archived from the original on November 2, 2018. Retrieved November 2, 2018.
- Garcia-Roberts, Gus (February 26, 2019). "This 21-year-old tweeted lies about Robert Mueller and Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Now, he's eyeing the 2020 election". USA Today. Archived from the original on February 26, 2019. Retrieved February 26, 2019.
- Reed, Brad (February 26, 2019). "Busted: Woman says Trump supporter Jacob Wohl tricked her into going along with bogus Mueller rape claim". Raw Story. Archived from the original on February 27, 2019. Retrieved February 26, 2019.
- Poniewozik, James (March 18, 2020). "Review: 'After Truth,' the Deluge". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Archived from the original on May 9, 2021. Retrieved May 8, 2021.
- Fienberg, Daniel (March 19, 2021). ". The Hollywood Reporter. Archived from the original on May 9, 2021. Retrieved May 8, 2021.
- Roeper, Richard (March 19, 2020). ". Chicago Sun-Times. Archived from the original on January 20, 2021. Retrieved May 8, 2021.
- Stafford, Zach (April 29, 2019). "Pete Buttigieg Falsely Accused of Sexual Assault by Far-Right Catfish". The Advocate. Archived from the original on April 30, 2019. Retrieved April 29, 2019.
- Gilmour, David (April 29, 2019). "Questions raised over Pete Buttigieg sexual assault allegation". The Daily Dot. Archived from the original on April 30, 2019. Retrieved April 30, 2019.
- Mirkinson, Jack (April 30, 2019). "World's Biggest Moron Appears to Have Done It Again". Splinter. Archived from the original on April 30, 2019. Retrieved April 30, 2019.
- Sommer, Will (May 7, 2019). "Jacob Wohl Caught Staging Fake Protest Against Himself". The Daily Beast. Archived from the original on May 8, 2019. Retrieved May 7, 2019.
- Duckham, Jacob (May 7, 2019). "Anti-Jacob Wohl Protest Tied to Jacob Wohl's Email Address". Mediaite. Archived from the original on May 8, 2019. Retrieved May 8, 2019.
- Sommer, Will (May 8, 2019). "Jacob Wohl Defends Tricking College Kid to Accuse Mayor Pete of Sexual Assault: He 'Got a Caramel Frappuccino'. The Daily Beast. Archived from the original on May 9, 2019. Retrieved May 13, 2019.
- Goforth, Claire (April 17, 2020). "Someone is spreading a sketchy sexual assault claim against Dr. Fauci". The Daily Dot. Archived from the original on May 8, 2020. Retrieved May 7, 2020.
- Selk, Avi (October 2, 2019). "A Trump booster promised to reveal the whistleblower's name from his front yard. The neighbors just laughed". The Washington Post. Archived from the original on October 2, 2019. Retrieved October 3, 2019.
- Walker, James (October 3, 2019). "Jacob Wohl mocked after claiming Elizabeth Warren had affair with 24-year-old marine". Newsweek. Archived from the original on October 3, 2019. Retrieved October 3, 2019.
- Jack Burkman [@Jack_Burkman] (October 11, 2019). "MEDIA ALERT: Jack Burkman and Jacob Wohl to hold press conference with Nancy Pelosi and Adam Schiff's former drug dealer" (Tweet). Archived from the original on October 12, 2019 – via Twitter.
- Petrizzo, Zachary (October 22, 2019). "Even Jack Burkman's clients don't want anything to do with his pro-Trump smears". The Daily Dot. Archived from the original on September 28, 2020. Retrieved September 20, 2020.
- Markay, Lachlan; Sommer, Will (August 17, 2020). "How We Busted Smear Artist Jacob Wohl". The Daily Beast. Archived from the original on August 27, 2020. Retrieved August 17, 2020.
- Sommer, Will (January 31, 2020). "QAnon Investigates Mr. Peanut's Demise". The Daily Beast. Archived from the original on August 28, 2020. Retrieved August 17, 2020.
- Catanese, David (May 16, 2016). "D.C. Lobbyists Look to Fund Trump". U.S. News & World Report. Archived from the original on January 19, 2017. Retrieved January 18, 2017.
- Morrongiello, Gabby (April 25, 2016). "Former critic plans 'Lobbyists for Trump' fundraiser". Washington Examiner. Archived from the original on April 30, 2019. Retrieved April 30, 2019.
- Caldwell, Leigh Ann (July 10, 2016). "Anti-Trump Forces Unleash Plan to Pick Vice President at Convention". NBC News. Archived from the original on October 25, 2016. Retrieved January 18, 2017.
- Carey, Stacy (October 3, 2019). "Elizabeth Warren Targeted By Jacob Wohl & Jack Burkman With Allegations Of A Fling With A Young Former Marine". Inquisitr. Archived from the original on December 17, 2019. Retrieved August 7, 2020.
- Sommer, Will (March 19, 2020). "Twitter Suspends Conservative Huckster Jack Burkman Over Coronavirus Disinfo". The Daily Beast. Archived from the original on May 27, 2020. Retrieved March 21, 2020.
- Lippman, Daniel (September 2, 2024). "Convicted fraudsters launch AI lobbying firm using fake names". Politico. Retrieved September 2, 2024.
- Jeong, Sarah (September 2, 2024). "Jacob Wohl is running an AI lobbying company under a pseudonym, Politico reports". The Verge. Retrieved March 21, 2026.
- Palmer, Ewan (September 23, 2024). "Mark Robinson denies appointing far-right fraudster as campaign chief". Newsweek. Retrieved September 26, 2024.
- Rojas, Rick (July 18, 2026). "Boosie Lobbied for a Trump Pardon. It Never Came. He Wants a Refund". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved July 22, 2026.
- Pierce, Matthew (March 18, 2026). "Canadian crypto fugitive is seeking U.S. presidential pardon on criminal indictment, U.S. lobbying firm says". CBC. Retrieved March 19, 2026.
- Fink, Jack (September 4, 2014). "Protests Planned Over Sam Joining Cowboys". CBS Texas. Retrieved August 27, 2023.
- Fink, Jack (September 4, 2014). "Protests Planned Over Sam Joining Cowboys". CBS DFW. Archived from the original on September 5, 2014. Retrieved September 5, 2014.
- Selby, Jenn (September 5, 2014). "Michael Sam first openly gay NFL player: Christian lobby group of 'thousands' set to protest Dallas Cowboys latest signing". The Independent. Archived from the original on September 6, 2014. Retrieved September 5, 2014.
- Suebsaeng, Asawin (October 1, 2017). "A Notorious, Seth Rich-Conspiracy Pushing, Lobbyist Troll is Paying Folks To Protest the DNC". The Daily Beast. Archived from the original on December 25, 2017. Retrieved October 1, 2017.
- Shalby, Colleen (May 24, 2017). "How Seth Rich's death became an Internet conspiracy theory". Los Angeles Times. Archived from the original on May 29, 2017. Retrieved April 30, 2019.
- Guttman, Nathan (March 4, 2017). "Seth Rich's Family Furious At Attorney For Claiming Russia Behind The Murder". The Forward. Archived from the original on May 16, 2017. Retrieved May 27, 2017.
- ". WRC-TV. January 18, 2017. Archived from the original on July 7, 2017. Retrieved May 27, 2017.
- The Washington Post (May 11, 2017). "Searching for clues in the Seth Rich murder". YouTube. Archived from the original on June 2, 2019. Retrieved May 27, 2017.
- Kurzius, Rachel (March 2, 2017). ". DCist. Archived from the original on July 14, 2017. Retrieved June 1, 2017.
- Kurzius, Rachel (March 23, 2017). "GOP Lobbyist Now Opening 'War Room' Dedicated To Solving Seth Rich Murder". DCist. Archived from the original on April 8, 2017. Retrieved May 27, 2017.
- Taylor, Scott (May 25, 2017). "EXCLUSIVE: A look inside 'Profiling Project: Seth Rich'. WJLA. Archived from the original on July 23, 2018. Retrieved November 1, 2018.
- Sommer, Will (September 26, 2020). "Sealed Docs: FBI Investigating Jacob Wohl Over Roger Stone Trial Leaks". The Daily Beast. Archived from the original on September 26, 2020. Retrieved September 28, 2020.
- Sommer, Will (August 27, 2020). "Jacob Wohl Accused of Starting a Voter Suppression Scheme". The Daily Beast. Retrieved December 2, 2022.
- Schnell, Mychael (May 6, 2021). "New York AG James sues Jacob Wohl, Jack Burkman over robocalls". The Hill. Retrieved December 2, 2022.
- "2 conservatives accused in hoax robocall scheme plead guilty". Associated Press. October 24, 2022. Retrieved December 2, 2022.
- "FCC looks to fine conservative activists $5 million for false mail voting robocalls". NBC News. August 24, 2021. Retrieved December 2, 2022.
- Hendel, John (August 24, 2021). "FCC proposes fining conspiracists $5.1M for voter suppression robocalls". Politico. Retrieved December 2, 2022.
- Foley, Ryan J. (October 1, 2020). "Conservative hoaxers face charges over false voter robocalls". Associated Press. Archived from the original on October 1, 2020. Retrieved October 1, 2020.
- Sommer, Will (August 27, 2020). "Jacob Wohl Accused of Starting a Voter Suppression Scheme". The Daily Beast. Archived from the original on August 27, 2020. Retrieved August 27, 2020.
- Gregorian, Dareh (May 6, 2021). "New York A.G. wants right wing operatives to pay millions for Black voter-targeted robocalls". NBC News. Archived from the original on May 7, 2021. Retrieved May 7, 2021.
- Lemos, Gregory; Duster, Chandelis (October 8, 2020). "Right-wing political operatives arraigned on felony voter intimidation charges for robocalls". CNN. Archived from the original on October 11, 2020. Retrieved October 12, 2020.
- Oliver, Joey (February 24, 2021). "Judge Tosses Motion To Toss Charges Against Political Operatives". Patch. Archived from the original on March 3, 2021. Retrieved March 5, 2021.
- Lobo, Arpan (August 1, 2025). "Defendants in 2020 Detroit robocall scheme plead no contest, could face prison time". Detroit Free Press. Retrieved August 11, 2025.
- Petrizzo, Zachary (October 21, 2020). "Jacob Wohl's robocall may be in violation of the Ku Klux Klan Act". The Daily Dot. Archived from the original on October 22, 2020. Retrieved October 21, 2020.
- Neavling, Steve (October 28, 2020). "Right-wing fraudsters Jacob Wohl and Jack Burkman ordered to call back robocall victims, admit messages were false and illegal". Metro Times. Archived from the original on October 29, 2020. Retrieved October 29, 2020.
- Klasfeld, Adam (February 22, 2021). "Judge Refuses to Let Jacob Wohl Delay His Civil Case Until His Criminal Prosecutions Are Over". Law & Crime. Archived from the original on March 10, 2021. Retrieved March 5, 2021.
- Moghe, Sonia; LeBlanc, Paul (May 19, 2021). "New York attorney general can join lawsuit against right-wing political operatives over alleged robocall scheme, judge rules". CNN. Retrieved May 24, 2021.
- Cole, Devan (April 9, 2024). "Conservative activists reach $1 million settlement deal with New York AG for running 2020 voter suppression campaign". CNN. Retrieved April 14, 2024.
- "Attorney General James Stops Robocall Company Hired in Scheme to Suppress Black Voters Ahead of 2020 Election". Office of the New York State Attorney General. August 12, 2023. Retrieved August 27, 2023.
- Grzegorek, Vince (October 27, 2020). "Right-Wing Fraudsters Jacob Wohl and Jack Burkman Have Now Been Indicted in Cuyahoga County for Robocall Scheme". Cleveland Scene. Archived from the original on October 28, 2020. Retrieved October 27, 2020.
- Rowland, Darrel. "Ohio may pursue men already charged in Michigan over voter intimidation in minority areas". The Columbus Dispatch. Retrieved December 2, 2022.
- Shaffer, Cory (October 24, 2022). "Jacob Wohl, Jack Burkman plead guilty to felony for 2020 election robocalls targeting Cleveland voters". Cleveland. Retrieved December 2, 2022.
- Thomas, David (January 30, 2024). "DC lawyer to give up license following voting robocall conviction". Reuters. Retrieved March 21, 2026.
- Markay, Lachlan; Sommer, Will; Rawnsley, Adam (September 14, 2020). "Jacob Wohl Staged Fake FBI Raid on Business Partner, Actor Hired for Production Says". The Daily Beast. Archived from the original on September 14, 2020. Retrieved September 14, 2020.

---
*爬取时间: 2026-07-24 21:40:57*
*来源: 直接站点爬取*
